I was born in Liverpool, but my Dad’s job meant we moved to Nigeria when I was very young. 

Now a staunch Toffee, I’ve since returned to the UK and I am in attendance, along with my daughters Maya, aged 11, and Elspeth, who was just four months old, for another momentous clash at Goodison Park with survival on the line. 

We went 1-0 down from a set-piece, then conceded a calamitous second goal to make it 2-0 before half-time. 

At this moment, my youngest Elspeth compounds my stress by pooing all over herself and my arm. 

But then it all changed in the second half. Michael Keane pulled a goal back in the 54th minute and chaos ensued. The atmosphere is electric. 

Then, as we hunt down an equaliser, Maya my oldest announces that she’s going to lick her ‘lucky sweet’. 

I watch on in disbelief as she pulls apart a tissue taken from her pocket to reveal a small green and white sweet. It originally came from a bag of Yorkshire Mixtures that my Dad took with him to every game. 

She proceeds to lick it, paper and all. I hardly have time to process what I am seeing before the enchantment of the tradition has its desired impact and Richarlison makes it 2-2! 

Somehow, Elspeth sleeps through the mayhem but Maya looks ready to cry. Blue smoke sits heavy in the air as the sun sets in the background. 

Now motivated more than ever, Maya continues licking her lucky tissue-papered sweet. 

On cue, we get the crucial third to make it 3-2, Dominic Calvert-Lewin the scorer. Pandemonium. Elspeth again sleeps through it. Maya is crying this time. 

Amongst the delirium after, I think of my Dad, the man who used to sit to my left at Goodison Park when we returned back to the UK. 

He’s gone now, but he introduced me to Everton, and he taught Maya all about the concept of the ‘lucky sweet’. Like many that night, he indirectly played his part in one of Goodison’s most memorable matches. The only sad part is he wasn’t there to see it. 

In memory of Peter Richard Bleasdale (1947-2021).

My Everton #68 with @hummelsport | ✍️ Lydia Bleasdale
